Dev guide: review read data (#8666)
pingcap/docs: develop/dev-guide-get-data-from-single-table.md

</div>
<div label="Java" href="filter-java">

In Java, you can use the same SQL to handle data query request with dynamic parameters.

> This can be done by splicing parameters into a SQL statement. However, this method will pose a potential [SQL Injection](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SQL_injection) risk to the security of the  application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This can be done by concatenating parameters into a SQL statement. However, this method will pose a potential [SQL Injection](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SQL_injection) risk to the security of the application.
```

Reviewer: @Icemap Please help confirm this change.

> When dealing with such queries, [prepared statement](/develop/dev-guide-prepared-statement.md) should be used instead of a normal statement.

Reviewer: grammar mistake: dangling construction

10 rows in set (0.11 sec)
```

> With TiDB's optimization of LIMIT statement, the query time is significantly reduced from `0.23 sec` to `0.11 sec`. For more information, see [TopN and Limit](/topn-limit-push-down.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the `LIMIT` statement, the query time is significantly reduced from `0.23 sec` to `0.11 sec` in this example. For more information, see [TopN and Limit](/topn-limit-push-down.md).
```

> ## Aggregate Queries

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Aggregate queries
```
